Finally calm down.
This guy. Next time this happens again.
None of this is good.
I have the ability to protect myself. Why do you have to act like a child?
You're just playing protection. That's not what it means.
I don't want to make it too hard for you.
You did this for me. I'm all yours.
I'm also very happy to come and support you.
But I'm fine. I wish you could trust me a little more.
Even if you didn't come. I have a main force.
Nothing like that just now. good. good.
Just your attention. I fully cooperate.
What a pity
I have been kept lax by these Eight Shang for a long time.
Isn't this up to me?
I'll give you money for losing money
I'll meet you later
You've embarrassed me so much
I will let you go
Now hurry up and take a shower here and fall asleep